add offset to live events; remove liveness marker (#4593)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/json-api/index.rst

to :doc:`lf-value-specification`::

    {
        "events": [{
            "created": {
                "observers": [],
                "agreementText": "",
                "payload": {
                    "observers": [],
                    "issuer": "Alice",
                    "amount": "999.99",
                    "currency": "USD",
                    "owner": "Alice"
                },
                "signatories": ["Alice"],
                "contractId": "#1:0",
                "templateId": "eb3b150383a979d6765b8570a17dd24ae8d8b63418ee5fd20df20ad2a1c13976:Iou:Iou"
            },
            "matchedQueries": [1, 2]
        }]
    }

where ``matchedQueries`` indicates the 0-based indices into the request
list of queries that matched this contract.

Every ``events`` block following the end of contracts that existed when
the request started includes an ``offset``.  The stream is guaranteed to
send an offset immediately at the beginning of this "live" data, which
may or may not contain any ``events``; if it does not contain events and

> no events were emitted before, it may be ``null`` instead of a string.

Author: ```suggestion
no events were emitted before, it may be ``null`` or a string; otherwise, it will be a string.
```

How about this @hurryabit ?

Reviewer: So, we're guaranteeing that a proper ledger offset is always a string? Is that true on ledgers more distributed than the sandbox?

Author: See previous thread https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/pull/4593#discussion_r384637525

For example, you might use it to turn off an initial "loading"
indicator::

    {
        "events": [],

>         "offset": "2"

Reviewer: Can we say something about the type of the offset? Is it always a string? Or shall we treat it as something opaque whose only purpose it to pass it to the next call of this endpoint?

Author: The previous paragraph mentions the rules for what it might be; do you think there is too much detail there?

Reviewer: Oh right
> it may be `null` instead of a string.

Can we guarantee that it's either a string or null? Or could it be something else? Particularly on other ledgers which can't represent the offset by a single number.

Author: Even for ledgers that want to use more structure, the ledger API requires them to string-encode it, and we merely pass-through for the purpose of #4509.

https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/blob/4d734939c9490bd0cdfd5faf36351d1fcba12e73/ledger-api/grpc-definitions/com/digitalasset/ledger/api/v1/ledger_offset.proto#L14-L22

Reviewer: Then it makes sense. Thansl.
